Add BBEs for tuples, rest type with tuples and destructure tuples (#3097)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/rest-type-in-tuples/rest_type_in_tuples.md

# Rest type in tuples

> Similar to how maps can be described as record types, arrays can also be defined as tuple types using `...`. Rest type in tuples can be described as [T...], which is a tuple containing zero or more members of type T. Tuples are not open by default. Rest type descripter should be located at last in the tuple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to how maps can be described as record types, arrays can also be defined as tuple types using `...`. Rest type in tuples can be described as `[T...]`, which is a tuple containing zero or more members of type `T`. Tuples are not open by default. A tuple type descriptor may or may or not contain a rest descriptor, but if present it should be the last member type descriptor in the tuple.
```

> Similar to how maps can be described as record types, arrays can also be defined as tuple types using `...`. Rest type in tuples can be described as `[T...]`, which is a tuple containing zero or more members of type `T`. Tuples are not open by default. A tuple type descriptor may or may or not contain a rest descriptor, but if present it should be the last member type descriptor in the tuple.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Similar to how maps can be described as record types, arrays can also be defined as tuple types using `...`. The `rest` type in tuples can be described as `[T...]`, which is a tuple containing zero or more members of type `T`. Tuples are not open by default. A tuple type descriptor may or may not contain a rest descriptor but if present, it should be the last member type descriptor in the tuple.
```
